
[ BEWARE: this text is UTF-8 encoded ]

Please create  a directory named youraccount.esameSNP53 in your home on
hplinux3.unisalento.it (e.g. franco.esameSNP53) and solve the exercise in that
directory or, alternatively, create a directory with the same name in your
macOS home, and solve the exercise in that directory. Eventually, transfer it
to your home on hplinux3.unisalento.it.

The created programs must be SUSv3 compliant and a makefile must be provided.
If the solution and the compliance are not possible together, the solution
must anyway be working both on Linux and macOS. In the same directory, a file
named README.txt containing a description of the solution and, possibly,
comments/observations on the choices made to solve the problem, MUST be
placed. Keep in mind that the file may help the reader to understand the logic
you adopted and to better appreciate your work.

When finished, execute in your own Linux account the following command line:

cd; tar cvfz $USER.esameSNP53.tgz $USER.esameSNP53

[BEWARE: the command above shown must be issued in the shell running in the
Linux machine, AFTER the folder youraccount.esameSNP53 has been transferred to
your home on hplinux3.unisalento.it and NOT when it's still in your home on
macOS (if you wrote the program there). ]

Exercise

Write a client C and a server S working together as follows:

When C sends the string "JPEG" to S, S starts a recursive search, within
the home directory of the user who launched it, looking for files of type
JPEG (that is, files starting with the "magic number" FFD8) and sends
back their path to the client C.

When C sends the string "PNG" to S, S starts a recursive search within
the home directory of the user who launched it looking for files of type
PNG (that is, files starting with the "magic number" 89504E470D0A1A0A)
and sends back their path to the client C.

Both the client and the server must perform their duties WITHOUT using
the system() system call.


Esercizio

Scrivere un client C e un server S che lavorano insieme come segue:

Quando C invia a S la stringa "JPEG", S inizia una ricerca ricorsiva, 
all'interno della home directory dell'utente che lo ha lanciato il programma, alla ricerca di file di tipo
JPEG (cioè i file che iniziano con il "numero magico" FFD8) e invia il loro percorso al client C.
il loro percorso al client C.

Quando C invia a S la stringa "PNG", S avvia una ricerca ricorsiva 
all'interno della home directory dell'utente che l'ha lanciato il programma, alla ricerca di file di tipo
PNG (cioè i file che iniziano con il "numero magico" 89504E470D0A1A0A)
e ne rimanda il percorso al client C.

Sia il client che il server devono svolgere le loro funzioni SENZA utilizzare la chiamata di sistema
la chiamata di sistema system().





